Fix typo (#15542)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ambient/usage/add-workloads/index.md

> ## Enabling ambient mode for an application in the mesh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enabling ambient mode for applications in the mesh
```

Reviewer: Correct the comparison article content
